{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\adeflang1025
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\fnil\fprq0\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f4\fnil\fprq0\fcharset0 Courier New;}{\f5\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset128 Arial;}{\f6\froman\fprq2\fcharset128 Times New Roman;}{\f7\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 SimSun;}{\f8\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Microsoft YaHei;}{\f9\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Mangal;}{\f10\fnil\fprq0\fcharset0 Mangal;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\stylesheet{\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af9\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af7\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\snext1 Normal;}
{\s2\sb240\sa120\keepn\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\afs28\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af8\langfe2052\hich\f2\fs28\lang1033\loch\f2\fs28\lang1033\sbasedon1\snext3 Heading;}
{\s3\sa120\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af9\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af7\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\sbasedon1\snext3 Body Text;}
{\s4\sa120\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af10\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af7\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\sbasedon3\snext4 List;}
{\s5\sb120\sa120\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af10\afs24\lang1081\ai\ltrch\dbch\af7\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\i\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i\sbasedon1\snext5 caption;}
{\s6\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af10\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af7\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\sbasedon1\snext6 Index;}
}
{\info{\creatim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\revtim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\printim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\comment StarWriter}{\vern3300}}\deftab709
{\*\pgdsctbl
{\pgdsc0\pgdscuse195\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\pgdscnxt0 Standard;}}
\paperh15840\paperw12240\margl1134\margr1134\margt1134\margb1134\sectd\sbknone\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar\aenddoc\aftnrstcont\aftnstart1\aftnnrlc
\pard\plain \ltrpar\s3\cf0\qc{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sa120\rtlch\af9\afs24\lang1081\ab\ltrch\dbch\af7\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\b\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\b {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b REVAHLEN: Episode 1 Outline}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s3\cf0\qj{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sa120\rtlch\af9\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af7\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0 \line The story will open up in Greystone, more specifically in Droum\'92s shop/office. Z&M talk about the artifact you\'92re looking for. The thing that sets this TREASURE apart from what they\'92re usually looking for is the fact that there is little if any historic e
lement to it, and there isn\'92t a \'91known value\'92 about it (meaning the material isn\'92t valuable, like if it was made of gold). But for whatever reason there is an extremely high price in underground circles for it. The team shrugs and takes the approach of \'91a 
job is a job.\'92}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s3\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sa120\rtlch\af9\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af7\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s3\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sa120\rtlch\af9\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af7\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0 The team departs, traveling into the wastelands, traveling to where caves are cut into large rocks \'96 as to be different from the caves from the Intro. Once the team reaches the cave, they talk about the risks of the area, since Evelyn is new she needs assi
stance with all of the specifics, but she is still more aware than the previous installment.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s3\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sa120\rtlch\af9\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af7\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s3\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sa120\rtlch\af9\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af7\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0 There is little if any life inside the cave, placing the emphasis on puzzle solving rather than on combat. The thing that surprises the team is that the cave is rigged with traps and puzzles, making the venture like a cross between Raiders of the Lost Ark 
and Goonies. The team must pass three separate puzzles and three dangerous obstacles to gain possession of the artifact they\'92re looking for. \line Once they have the item, they\'92re surprised by Baraz Alterra and his men, who have been following Z&M the entire wa
y. They have a brief spat back and forth, with Max saying the only way they can find anything is by following hunters than ripping them off. Baraz says something to the effect of, \'91Don\'92t act like you\'92re above it\'92 or \'91Like you haven\'92t done it before\'92. With 
Baraz having the upper hand, he demand for Z&M to hand over the treasure. Once they hand it over Baraz blows the cave, rendering their path useless.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s3\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sa120\rtlch\af9\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af7\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s3\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sa120\rtlch\af9\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af7\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0 Since Max has had a few run-ins with Baraz in the past, he decides he\'92s not going to let him cut in on their find once again. *This may be tricky design wise. Max makes it to one of the Goonie traps and intentionally fails it, dropping him into a trap, whe
re he escapes death at the last second. In the pit, Max finds a small passageway. He tells the rest of the team that he\'92s going to take the passage and head after Baraz, but he\'92ll send help. Zed tells Max not to do anything stupid. Max says when was the la
st time he did anything like that, to which the crew says nothing.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s3\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sa120\rtlch\af9\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af7\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s3\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sa120\rtlch\af9\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af7\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0 The passageway leads out to the area where Baraz\'92s ship is located. Max watches Baraz and his men load the treasure on board. Max knows he doesn\'92t have long before the ship departs. He sneaks around Baraz\'92s men and manages to stowaway onboard.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s3\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sa120\rtlch\af9\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af7\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s3\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sa120\rtlch\af9\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af7\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0 Once the ship takes off, Max decides to make his move, trying to get to the treasure. Once he\'92s close, one of Baraz\'92s guys sees him \'96 good place to put the \'91!\'92 overhead \'96 and Max needs to fight a handful of guys in hand to hand combat. Once they\'92re taken c
are of Baraz puts the ship on autopilot and aims a gun at Max. Max calls Baraz\'92s bluff wrong and Baraz fires. Max dodges the gunfire and picks up a gun off one of the fallen thugs. The two have a firefight in the ship\'92s hull. The battle concludes with the 
ship crashing.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s3\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sa120\rtlch\af9\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af7\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s3\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sa120\rtlch\af9\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af7\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0 We then see what caused the ship to crash \'96 The Rogue Warriors Gang \'96 a ruthless band of raiders that have been making a name for themselves, due to their ruthless nature. The gang consists of:}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s3\cf0\qj{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\li709\ri0\lin709\rin0\fi0\sa120\rtlch\af9\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af7\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s3\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sa120\rtlch\af9\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af7\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\b\loch\b Top Hat}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s3\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sa120\rtlch\af9\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af7\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0 Top Hat is the leader of the Rogues. He rose to the top as he\'92s a homicidal madman, with no morals. Which make others fear him, not out of his skill of combat, but no one knows what he\'92s capable of. }
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s3\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sa120\rtlch\af9\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af7\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s3\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sa120\rtlch\af9\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af7\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\b\loch\b Tatsun}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s3\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sa120\rtlch\af9\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af7\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0 Tatsun is the second in command of the Rouges; he\'92s set apart as he looks out of place from the others. Tatsun is also the most skilled in combat in the bunch. We later find out that (maybe much later, in a later episode) that is because he\'92s an outcast fr
om Motem. He\'92s also stoic and doesn\'92t speak (by choice), making him by far the most intimidating of the group.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s3\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sa120\rtlch\af9\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af7\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s3\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sa120\rtlch\af9\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af7\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\b\loch\b Dynamite Danger}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s3\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sa120\rtlch\af9\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af7\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0 Dynamite is the youngest of the Rogues, joining the gang once he hit his teen years. Due to his age he\'92s not physically imposing, nor does he have the experience to be formidable with firearms. The thing that makes him dangerous his is obsession/reliance o
n his namesake \'96 dynamite. }
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s3\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sa120\rtlch\af9\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af7\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s3\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sa120\rtlch\af9\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af7\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\b\loch\b Magnum Mac}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s3\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sa120\rtlch\af9\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af7\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0 Magnum is the oldest of the group, who wields dual magnum pistols. He is known for his deadeye aim, where he can hit any target without even looking. }
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s3\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sa120\rtlch\af9\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af7\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s3\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sa120\rtlch\af9\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af7\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\b\loch\b Napalm}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s3\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sa120\rtlch\af9\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af7\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0{ N}}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0 apalm\'92s weapon of choice is anything that burns \'96 flamethrowers, gasoline, explosives, etc... His appearance is one of someone who had a few mishaps with his weapon of choice. }
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s3\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sa120\rtlch\af9\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af7\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s3\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sa120\rtlch\af9\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af7\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0\rtlch\ltrch\dbch\hich\b\loch\b Machete Matinee}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s3\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sa120\rtlch\af9\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af7\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0 An expert with bladed weapons, Machete\'92s skill even allows him to deflect bullets, rendering conventional combat against him useless.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s3\cf0\qj{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sa120\rtlch\af9\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af7\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s3\cf0\qj{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sa120\rtlch\af9\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af7\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0 *Note: All but Tatsun should have a salvaged rag tag look, reminiscent of The Road Warrior mixed with the Koopa Kids.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s3\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sa120\rtlch\af9\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af7\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s3\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sa120\rtlch\af9\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af7\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0 Max stays conscious after the crash long enough to see the Rogues steal the treasure and disappear back into the wastelands. He then passes out.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s3\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sa120\rtlch\af9\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af7\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s3\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sa120\rtlch\af9\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af7\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0 Once Max fully regains consciousness, he notices that Baraz is gone, but he left behind tracks. Max follows the tracks to a small shanty town in the wastelands. Max talks to one of the locals in the shanty town, who tells Max he looks even luckier to be al
ive than the last person who came through here (Baraz). Max asks if he knew where Baraz went, but the local does not. He says Baraz stocked up on food and water and set off across the wastelands. The local then fills in the background on the Rogues, even t
hough he doesn\'92t know much about the specifics but their reputation. Though the local does know that Dynamite Danger stops by for food as he\'92s not good at providing his own \'96 that\'92s also why the Rogues leave the shanty town alone as long as they provide fr
ee food and water to Dynamite. He tells Max that Dynamite lives not too far from here, in one of the caves towards the mountains.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s3\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sa120\rtlch\af9\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af7\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s3\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sa120\rtlch\af9\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af7\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0 Max loads up on supplies and heads after Dynamite. Once Max defeats Dynamite, he finds a list of where the rest of the Rogues reside \'96 because a teen would probably write something that important down - giving the player discretion of what order to track t
hem down in. Though it would probably be cool to have a Mega Man Robot Master order quality to it.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s3\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sa120\rtlch\af9\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af7\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s3\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sa120\rtlch\af9\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af7\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0 Also during Max\'92s travels we\'92ll learn more about how the Rogues, and raiders in general, assemble and operate. We\'92ll begin to hear more of the lore of the land, and other stories that will be peppered in.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s3\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sa120\rtlch\af9\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af7\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s3\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sa120\rtlch\af9\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af7\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0 After you defeat the last of the \'91regular\'92 Rogues Max limps back to Greystone to regroup. He has a little spat with Zed, one, because he never sent for help, and two, because Zed thinks that he\'92s dumb for putting his rivalry with Baraz ahead of his life. O
nce it comes to light that Max plans to storm the Rogues camp Zed insists that he\'92ll be involved \'96 also Robin plans to tag along, but it\'92s decided that Evelyn is going to sit this one out.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s3\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sa120\rtlch\af9\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af7\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s3\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sa120\rtlch\af9\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af7\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0 Once they infiltrate the base, Robin decides that she\'92ll hold back the bulk of the gang, and that Zed and Max should make their final push towards the lion\'92s den. It\'92s one of those things where there is a perimeter fence, and a compound \'96 she stays within 
the fence, where Zed and Max infiltrate and lock the entrance of the compound.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s3\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sa120\rtlch\af9\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af7\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s3\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sa120\rtlch\af9\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af7\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0 Within the compound the two come across Tatsun, who Zed knows from a war in the past \'96 will make the storyline more potent and would provide an explanation for Zed\'92s combat skills. Since the two know each other they have one of those \'91catching up back and 
forths\'92 that videogames love so much. Zed tells Max to go ahead without him, and takes on Tatsun solo in hand to hand combat.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s3\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sa120\rtlch\af9\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af7\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s3\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sa120\rtlch\af9\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af7\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0 Max enters a chamber with Top Hat. The two fight it out, with Top Hat having somewhat of an advantage given the circumstances of the moment. At the end of the fight, as Top Hat is about to finish off Max, Baraz appears \'96 who, again, followed Max into the c
ompound and used the conflict outside to infiltrate the compound. Baraz takes the treasure and takes off. Top Hat goes in pursuit, leaving behind a battered Max.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s3\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sa120\rtlch\af9\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af7\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s3\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sa120\rtlch\af9\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af7\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0 After Top Hat and Baraz take off, a beat-up Zed stumbles on scene. Zed and Max see that there is a speeder that they can use. They hop on board and give chase.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s3\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sa120\rtlch\af9\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af7\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s3\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sa120\rtlch\af9\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af7\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0 The whole sequence plays out as a three way battle between Max and Zed, Baraz, and Top Hat. In the end, Max battles with Baraz for control of the wheel, climaxing with the three of them crashing \'96 the crash can be done different ways 1) The two heroes simp
ly survive the crash, leaving the other two for dead or 2) the speeders detach and spin off like Darth Vader did at the end of Star Wars, letting people know they\'92re still alive, but unsure of their condition. 3) Top Hat is nowhere to be seen, though Baraz
 is there, and they kind of give that \'91kicking away the gun\'92 moment/conversation, where we realize that Max and Zed have won.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s3\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sa120\rtlch\af9\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af7\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s3\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sa120\rtlch\af9\afs24\lang1081\ltrch\dbch\af7\langfe2052\hich\f0\fs24\lang1033\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\i0\b0 After Max and Zed brush themselves off, they begin their long walk back to Greystone, treasure in hand.}
\par }